# Meeting Room Scheduler

Conference room scheduling software.

Simple and effective conference room booking for all. Meeting Room Scheduler is an intuitive, feature rich and customizable
conference room booking platform for any sized organization


## Project Vision

### No booking conflicts ever 
Unlike common solutions like Google Calendar, with this software it's impossible 
to double book a room.
  
### Free service for everyone 
No strings or hidden costs. No Ads (at least at first phase). 

### Must-Have features

- Unlimited Locations / Rooms / Users per organization
- Assignable User Roles and Responsibilites, granular access by user types or groups
- Sync with Outlook, iCal and Google Calendar.  
- Reporting tools: Rooms usage, room rent cost, equipment usage, etc
- Branding / Skins support. Full customization for dedicated deployments. Online customization tool. Keep an eye on the costs and revenue generated by the meeting room usage inside your organization. 
- Real Time by design. Realtime meeting notes, agenda, conflict detector and so on.
- Automated user creation - through CSV, LDAP, Google Contacts, Jira Active Directory
- Registration/SignIn; Support third-party login and account linking through google, twitter, github, linked-in, etc. (via loopback-passport probably) 
- External users support: public guests calendards, mail invitations (RSVP), shared by link, etc
- Slack bot  to be able to book room directly from slack, and get updates about room status and customer upcoming schedule,  

### UI/UX 
  
  - SPA and mobile friendly
  - Color conding/indicators by rooms, meeting types and statuses
  - Availability preview and space optimization hints
  - D'n'D, Autocomplete and typeahead
  - Meeting room display customization - custom logos/background to match branding of company or room interieur.
  - 
  
### Use Cases 
 - Meeting room management
 As primary use-case for this software: software can be used to book rooms in just a few seconds, and the reporting systems allows for an at a glance overview of rooms that are booked or free.
 
 - Running multiple offices
 Designed to help managers run offices across different locations and time zones. Managers optionally may have access to
 software, which is available in only those areas and resources as meeting room.

 - Conference & Events
 - Schools & Universities
 Manage school classes and teacher schedule
 
 - Coworking
 Spaces, services offices or startup incubators
 
 
  
  